1. What is Waterfall?
a. A description of how blame flows from management on failed software projects
b. A type of SDLC
c. A serial approach to software development that relies on a fixed scope
d. All of the above

ans: B. Waterfall is a type of SDLC.

2. What is Agile?
a. A form of project management for Lean
b. An implementation of Lean for software development
c. A strategy for passing the CCNA DevNet exam
d. A key benefit of automation in infrastructure

ans: B. Agile is an implementation of the Lean management philosophy for software
development.

3. The Model-View-Controller pattern is often used in which of the following applica-
tions? (Choose three.)
a. Web applications with graphical interfaces
b. Client/server applications with multiple client types
c. PowerShell scripts
d. Django

ans: A, B, D. Model-View-Controller is a software design pattern used to create inter-
active graphical web-centric applications. It can be found in Django (a web app
framework) as well as many web applications that require support for many types of
clients.

4. Which of the following are true of the Observer pattern? (Choose two.)
a. It is a publisher/subscriber pattern.
b. It is a multicast pattern.
c. It is used for configuration management applications and event handling.
d. It is not commonly used in infrastructure application design.

ans: A, C. The Observer pattern follows the publisher/subscriber model, where a client
subscribes to the publisher and synchronizes its configuration state. This is perfect
for one-to-many device configuration and management of event handling in infra-
structure components.

5. What does BASH stand for?
a. Born Again Shell
b. Basic Shell
c. Bourne Again Shell
d. None of the above

ans: C. BASH stands for Bourne Again Shell.

6. Which of the following is the best option for displaying your current environment
variables?
a. env | cat >env.txt
b. env | more
c. $ENV | cat
d. echo env

ans: B. env | more pipes the contents of your environment variables to the more command
and allows for page breaks.

7. Which of the following is true of software version control?
a. It is a naming convention for software releases.
b. It is also known as source code management.
c. It is the same thing as BitKeeper.
d. None of the above are true.

ans: B. Software version control is also commonly known as source code management.

8. Who created Git?
a. Junio Hamano
b. Marc Andreesen
c. John Chambers
d. Linus Torvalds

ans: D. Linus Torvalds, the father of Linux, created Git.

9. What are the three main structures tracked by Git?
a. Index, head, and local repo
b. Local workspace, index, and local repository
c. Remote repository, head, and local index
d. None of the above

ans: B. The three main structures tracked by Git are local workspace, index, and local
repository.

10. What command do you use to add the specific filename file.py to the Git index?
a. git add .
b. git index file.py
c. git index add .
d. git add file.py

ans: D. To add a specific file to the Git index, you use the command git add followed by
the name of the file you want to add.

11. Which is one of the key benefits of conducting a code review?
a. It helps you create higher-quality software
b. You can find weak programmers who need more training
c. It can be used to identify defects in software that are obvious
d. None of the above

ans: A. One of the main benefits of conducting formal code reviews is to help you the
developer, create higher-quality software.